Add PosixFS (experimental) (#1081)
owncloud/docs-ocis: modules/ROOT/pages/prerequisites/prerequisites.adoc

=== Available Filesystem Drivers

See the xref:deployment/storage/general-considerations.adoc[General Storage Considerations] documentation for more details on individual filesystem drivers.

The ocis filesystem driver::
When the `ocis` driver is used, blobs and metadata must be on a POSIX-compliant filesystem. This driver decomposes the metadata and persists it in a POSIX filesystem. Blobs are stored on the filesystem as well. This layout makes extensive use of symlinks. A filesystem like xfs or zfs without practical inode size limitations is recommended. A further integration with file systems like CephFS or GPFS is under investigation.

The s3ng filesystem driver::
When the `s3ng` driver is used, blobs reside on a S3 bucket and the metadata will be stored on a POSIX-compliant filesystem which needs to be provisioned. As this POSIX-compliant filesystem usually needs to be mounted on several Infinite Scale instances like when deploying with a xref:deployment/container/orchestration/orchestration.adoc[container orchestration], consider using NFS for storing this metadata. This splitting is necessary for performance reasons.

The PosixFS filesystem driver (experimental)::

> When the `posixfs` driver is used, you can connect to a fully compliant posix filesystems with shared access. It requires some mandatory posix filesystem features to be available like handling extended attributes and notification processes. This also differenciate it from other drivers that use messagepack for metadata. Note that extended attributes need to be included in the backup strategy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the `posixfs` driver is used, you can connect to fully compliant posix filesystems with shared access. It requires some mandatory posix filesystem features to be available like handling extended attributes and notification processes. This also differentiates it from other drivers that use messagepack for metadata. Note that extended attributes need to be included in the backup strategy.
```
